[WHOOSH]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Are overunity
devices, gravity control,
or life extension
devices possible?
We discuss these things
and more in this episode.
[THEME MUSIC]
>> Overunity devices.
Do they exist?
Is it possible that a system
can produce more energy
than it takes to run it?
In physics, certainly
in standard physics,
the idea of a system
being perpetual
is thought to be impossible.
Systems always lose energy,
entropy takes hold of them,
and eventually, they stop.
In fact, most physicists
and scientists,
if you tell them that
there is possibility
of infinite amount of
energy or overunity
devices or perpetual
motion, they
will tell you that
you're a kook,
and they will stop listening.
However, if you're an
engineer out there,
if you're a physicist,
if you're a scientist,
I will challenge you to find me
something in the universe, one
thing, that is not perpetual.
Stars, planets,
galaxies, atoms, protons,
which makes up everything,
have never been seen to decay.
Not one proton since the
beginning of the universe
has been observed to decay.
And so we are living
in a perpetual motion
mechanism of creation.
As we've seen from
the earlier episode,
spacetime is not empty.
It's full of energy.
And it seems to
fractalize to infinity.
There is deeper and deeper,
smaller and smaller,
finer and finer
frequency of energy
that leads to larger
and larger energy events
that we experience
as stars, galaxy
clusters, super clusters,
universes, multiverses.
All of this has been
in continuous motion
as far back as we can see.
So maybe perpetual motion
and unity or overunity
is a natural state of our
universe and the multiverse.
It's just that humans have
not been able to achieve this.
Maybe it's because humans
haven't understood clearly
how energy in the
universe works and is
transferred across scales.
In fact, in physics, the
concept of energy is unclear.
We all know that E
equals MC square.
E is energy, so this should
tell you what energy is.
Energy equals the mass
of the system multiplied
by the speed of light square.
We know what the
speed of light is,
but we don't know why it's
going at the speed of light.
In the case of M,
in the case of Mass,
without the findings
of my equations,
the standard model
does not know what
mass is, where it comes from.
So we have two
unknowns on one side
of the equation, which makes the
other side an unknown as well.
We don't really know
what exactly is energy.
However, when we introduce
this holographic mass solution
of our equation, now
we realize that mass
is the result of fluctuation at
the quantum scale of the Planck
field.
And that when these vacuum
fluctuations organize
in spinning oscillation
of vortices,
they emit a certain amount
of energy that we call mass.
Those equations are clearly
defined in their geometry,
in what is calls
statistical entropy,
and even now, in
Brownian motion,
which we've been able to apply
to the motion of the Planck
oscillators to describe
the interaction that
produces what we see as mass.
So we know the vacuum
fluctuation at the quantum
level is what's producing mass.
We can insert that
in this equation
so that all of a
sudden, M is actually
vacuum oscillations
that are moving
at the square of
the speed of light,
producing the energy
of the system.
This gives us a straight
path to engineering.
Why is it that the
standard model would
think that a system can never
be overunity or at least
at unity, that is, consuming
as much as it's producing?
Because when we do the
analysis of a system
in standard physics, we
assume that the system
is a closed system.
Again, we've placed the
device or the system
we're analyzing
in a box, assuming
it's not interacting with any
other field in the universe.
But clearly, from the
equations we've written,
everything is interacting
with everything
through this vacuum fluctuation
structure of spacetime that
produces wormholes everywhere.
In that case, the electron, the
proton, the atom, the planets,
the stars, the galaxies, the
clusters, the super clusters,
the universes, are all being
fed by a source of energy
that is circulating
across all the scales.
And that source is this quantum
field, the vacuum fluctuation.
Thus, by understanding this
and the source of mass,
the source of gravity, the
source of the energy that
runs everything, we can learn
to engineer the vacuum, vacuum
engineering.
And I'm not talking about
pulling atoms from a vacuum
chamber, but a new kind
of vacuum engineering
that actually teach us
or learn to manipulate
the structure of
the quantum vacuum
so that we can get
energetic effects out of it.
In simple terms, where the
natural universe makes vortices
that we see a different scale
as a protons, as an atom,
as a galaxy or at
super cluster scale,
we could, in the
laboratory, couple
to the vacuum with
electromagnetic fields
and rotate the vacuum to produce
our own vortex, our own energy
event, and extract
massive amount of energy
from the structure
of the vacuum.
And as we utilize this
energy in our world,
it would eventually go
back into the vacuum,
so we're not depleting anything
or anywhere in the multiverse,
but we're actually just
putting our devices
in the natural wheel work or the
natural flow of the structure
of space, just like we put a
turbine in the natural flow
of water going down the hill,
and we extract energy from it.
It's a completely different
view of energy, mass,
and our understanding that
no system is a closed system.
All systems are open
systems, and they are all
interacting with the
structure of the vacuum.
Vacuum engineering
thus is rapidly
becoming one of the
most important endeavors
in our world.
It is critical that
it is supported.
This is the opportunity
for humanity
to overcome some of the largest
difficulties in our society
that have to do with the
production of energy,
the influence of our technology
on our environment as a result
of the way we produce
energy and the destruction
of the biosphere
on which we live.
This new understanding has
a clear path to technology
that will completely
transform our world.
A certain amount of
coupling to the vacuum
will allow us to
overcome the viscosity
of the electromagnetic
field that we call back
EMF, in a magnetic
motor, for instance, so
that the magnetic motor produces
at least the same amount
of energy that it
consumes or more.
In fact, it could, if
we do this correctly,
produce vastly more
energy than it consumes,
whether it's in the
rotational shaft power
to run your car or
energy fluctuation
emanating from a coil, overunity
devices are well on their way.
Many have worked on them
throughout the ages,
and some reported success.
However, in the context of
the current standard model
of physics, since these device
are thought to be impossible,
not much attention was
brought to these devices.
And in many cases, the
inventors were labeled as kooks
and were censored in
many different ways.
This must change in
our society today.
Now, from this equation,
we have a basis
to understand why these
devices are possible.
They have critical
impact to play
in the development
of our society,
and they are the possibility and
the salvation of our society,
transforming the way we
do things on our planet
in such a way that
makes it sustainable.
It is the only path
to sustainability.
We must learn to extract energy
from the source of energy that
is at the foundation of creation
that we call quantum vacuum
fluctuations.
Coupling to the vacuum
structure with a magnetic motor
or even with a static device
that is extracting energy
from the vacuum is
really one small step
towards a whole new battery
of equipment and technology
that will be developed
from this new understanding
of the quantum
vacuum fluctuation
and how to cohere it in ways
that gives us energy, but as
well many other applications.
For instance, as we saw
throughout this episode, when
we look at the way
mass is generated
as a result of vorticity in the
structure of the Planck field,
we see that this vorticity
is curving spacetime,
or that spacetime curvature is
the result of this vorticity,
to be more precise.
Clearly, the curvature of
spacetime or the curvature
of the Planck field,
or if you'd like,
the vorticity of
the ether, is how
gravity is produced naturally.
It is a secondary effect
of the spin of spacetime,
the spin of the quantum vacuum.
Clearly, if we learn to
couple to the quantum vacuum,
and we produce vorticity in it
artificially in a laboratory,
then we can produce our
own gravitational field.
We can generate our own mass.
By doing so, we can control
gravitational field,
just like we've built
all of our society
today, because we've learned
to control magnetic fields
and electromagnetic
fields and electricity.
The control of gravity is
essential for any society
in the universe that
eventually needs
to birth their society into
a space colony society that
is able to go around
their solar system, that's
able to go around its galaxy,
that's able to go around
even the universe.
This will not happen by burning
fossil fuel in rocketry.
It will not.
And the incredible
investment that
is going on in
private industry today
to continue to explore the
universe using rocketry
should seize.
The attention should be
placed on gravity control,
understanding gravity
and controlling
the structure of the vacuum
to produce acceleration
in a very controlled
way, in a way
in which the energy, necessarily
for the acceleration,
is actually provided by the
natural energy of the vacuum
structure.
Some people have been
working on this, including
Sonny White at NASA, that
has done great work in moving
forward in producing a warp
drive for the NASA experiments
by tapping in the structure
of the vacuum, what they think
of as an exotic energy.
However, that energy
is not exotic.
That energy is the foundation
of all of creation.
Nothing exotic about it.
It's everywhere, and it's
producing everything we see.
This investigation is
one of the most important
scientific investigations
on the planet,
and currently, it
is very ill-funded.
It's not well understood.
And very few people
know about the need
to make this a
priority in our world.
In order for this to happen,
this type of investigation
and this type of
engineering has to come out
from the underground dark
alleys of our physics community
and of our scientific
community and into the light
and be completely
supported, funded,
and should be one of the
strongest, most powerful
efforts of humanity in history.
This opportunity
is extraordinary.
The quantum vacuum fluctuations
at the quantum scale
have an energy density
larger than the mass
of the universe in a
centimeter cube of space
by 39 orders of magnitude.
If we extract one
billionth of a billionth
of a billionth of a
percent of the energy
that's in a centimeter cube
of space in terms of quantum
vacuum fluctuation, we
would have enough energy
to run our planet for
thousands of years.
In week coupling to the
vacuum, we could as well
have devices that
influence biology,
so that biology stays coherent.
That the communication link
between cells and the structure
of the geometry of the
cells and the cells'
arrangement in the biological
structure stay highly coherent
and minimize the entropy.
That means that we
should be able to make
medical devices, which we have
started in my laboratory, that
oscillate with the
vacuum a little bit,
that couples to the
vacuum a little bit
to produce a field
of interaction
with biology that makes
biology higher in energy,
more coherent, and the water
structure that interacts
with all of the
cells, for instance,
in your body, the interstitial
fluids in your body,
the blood in your
body, the spinal fluids
and so on, to stay in a
high level of coherency,
so that cells can
live much longer.
They can have a much
higher level of energy.
And that would change as
well our life expectancy.
So many, many
different applications
are possible with
this new understanding
that we can become
vacuum engineers,
quantum vacuum engineers, and
build technology that will
completely transform our world.
Overunity devices will
change everyday life.
Of course they will put
an end to fossil fuel,
drilling holes
everywhere in the Earth.
It will change the
way we do business.
Of course, energy is the
source of our society,
and the financial
structure of our society
is very much based on the
exchange of goods for energy.
So this will change as well.
Our society will change
from a society that
is based on scarcity
into a society that
is based on abundance, an
abundance amount of energy
and an abundance amount of
resources, especially coupled
with gravity control.
These devices may be
built at different scales.
And although the electrical
network grid that we use today
might remain initially,
eventually, it
is very much possible
that every device
will get its own little power
source that's extracting energy
from the vacuum so that the
grid is no longer necessary,
which is actually a very
large liability for humanity.
It's very sensitive to
any electromagnetic pulses
from the sun.
For instance, a sun
flare could easily
wipe out the energy
grid of a whole country,
and it has happened in
the past, and this us
makes us very vulnerable.
So this type of
technology will as well
help humanity become more robust
and have a much higher success
rate in its survival.
You can imagine, for instance,
that your computer will
have a little device in there.
It might be a little
crystalline battery,
that instead of having to
be recharged all the time,
is just extracting
energy from the structure
of the vacuum wherever it is.
So your computer
constantly has power,
and your cell phone
constantly has power.
Your electric car doesn't need
to be plugged in at night.
You can drive your electric
car across the continent
if you want.
You don't need to
recharge, because you're
extracting energy from the
structure of the vacuum.
All these things become
possible and will be our future
if the proper effort is made
in developing quantum vacuum
engineering in the
next few years.
I want to say as
well that this is not
going to happen in 10
generations from now.
This is in our generation.
This must happen
in our generation.
In the next two decades,
we must achieve this level
of vacuum engineering if we
want the world to have a chance
to overcome some of our largest
environmental challenges.
Gravity control devices--
and some people call them
anti-gravity devices--
I don't like that
terminology, because it's not
counter to gravity.
It's not anti-gravity.
It's just a way
to control gravity
so that instead
of being attracted
to the surface of
an object, we're
being attracted to
a point in space
towards where we're moving.
Gravitational devices
are the natural result
of understanding gravity
at a deeper level.
Just like in the
early 1900s, when
we started to understand
magnetism and electric field
a little better, we
started to engineer devices
that could control the
electromagnetic fields
and produce electricity,
produce communication.
And most of the
devices we have today
is the result of this
discovery of how to control
electromagnetic fields.
The same can occur with
our deeper understanding
of what is gravity
and how to control it.
We can make devices
that controls
the gravitational field
in a region of space,
so that instead
of being attracted
to the surface of the
planet, we are actually
lifting up or being attracted
away from the planet.
Imagine a device that makes
a vorticular structure
in the structure of
the quantum vacuum,
that this place, the gradient of
that vortex ahead of the ship.
The ship would fall into
that vortex ahead of itself
and move away from the
surface of the planet
or away from any direction,
in any direction we want.
Gravity control is the result
of a very clear path that
has been defined now as
we understand the vacuum
fluctuation at the deeper
level and understand
how mass is produced.
We think of gravity
as the result
of mass curving spacetime.
If we realize that mass is the
result of spacetime spinning,
we can couple to
spacetime and spin it.
Let's think of it maybe with
a plasma, high energy plasma,
spinning at velocities that are
a high percentage of the speed
of light and actually
curve spacetime and control
its curvature to accelerate the
ship in any direction we want.
Now, all of a sudden, we are
using the energy of spacetime
to curve itself in the direction
we want, so the energy required
to do the job is
actually contained
in the dynamics
of the technology
that you are building, so it
becomes very plausible that we
could achieve this
in the next decade.
The structure of
the quantum vacuum
is not only the source of
mass and energy and gravity,
but as well is the source of
the coherent dynamic structure,
the complexity that
emerged from the field
eventually to produce biology.
So clearly, as we learn
to engineer the vacuum,
we can build technology
that couples with the vacuum
to produce energy events that
would feed or energize biology.
I have done multiple
experiments in our laboratory.
I have got some results on
that field of investigation.
And thus we should be able to
produce medical devices that
actually re-establish
proper coherency
in cell-to-cell interaction
during illness, in a being,
in a biological structure,
even maybe grow plants
much faster, which we
have been able to verify
in our laboratories.
Change, you know,
alimentation so that it's
much higher in energy.
Increase the energy of
water and the coherency
of water, the
structure of water,
so it becomes more bioavailable.
And so that biology
and health and life
becomes much more coherent, much
higher in energy, and so that
eventually, life extension
could be brought forward,
where we have seen in
laboratory that cells
that are in the proper
environment will not die.
We've had laboratory
tests where cells
were placed in a Petri dish in
which the water is continuously
renewed, so that the cell
can eliminate properly
and is fed properly.
The cells then do not die.
So if we are able to bring
a high level of coherency
in the structure of water,
which is the source of life,
it's the conduit from which the
vacuum fluctuation interacts
to produce the complexity in
the amino acid and the minerals
and assemble the minerals
and the amino acid
into what we call life, then we
have a very clear and straight
path to eventually producing
a health device that
can have a significant impact
on the health of our society
and on the longevity
of our lives.
Our world has an
incredibly bright future.
We have the opportunity to
completely transform our world.
And we have the opportunity
to really overcome
some of the greatest
environmental difficulties
and challenges that
we're experiencing today.
The possibilities
are hard to fathom.
Of course, tapping into the
fundamental source of creation
and utilizing that as the
power source of your society,
has implications that
are unfathomable today.
But certainly, we're
talking about a society that
has access to
their solar system,
to most likely their galaxy,
maybe their super clusters,
maybe they are able to
go from one universe
to another even, open wormholes,
travel at instantaneous speeds
across the universe.
Everything changes
very dramatically
from this simple
fundamental understanding
that space is full
of energy, and it's
the source of creation.
Although all this might
sound like something
that should happen in
the very far future,
it is happening right now.
And it needs to
happen right now.
It will not be anything we can
do in 10 generations from now.
We are already on the
cusp of completely losing
control of our environment
and our capacity to survive.
This must happen in
the next few decades.
In the next 10 to 15
years, a very strong effort
from our society
must be to learn
to do this vacuum engineering,
this quantum vacuum
engineering, and
to lead the world
into this bright future that
is right there in front of us.
We're so close.
So that we may birth our society
into a space society, a space
colony, with gravity control and
an infinite amount of energy.
[MUSIC PLAYING]